PMM-5058 CONTRIBUTING.md was extended, instructions for contributors … (#526)
percona/grafana-dashboards: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing notes

We're looking forward to the new contributors.

Our experts must verify all contributions from contributors. 

> We'd love it if you could contribute new dashboard or improve existing ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'd love it if you could contribute a new dashboard or improve existing ones.
```

# Contributing notes

We're looking forward to the new contributors.

Our experts must verify all contributions from contributors. 

We'd love it if you could contribute:
 * New dashboard or improve existing ones.

>  * Add descriptions (tooltips) for charts or improve existing ones. 

Author: Done

# Contributing notes

We're looking forward to the new contributors.

Our experts must verify all contributions from contributors. 

We'd love it if you could contribute:
 * New dashboard or improve existing ones.

>  * New widget or improve it. 

Reviewer 2: I suggest to remove this line. -> "New widget or improve it. "
It would be a pain in a neck if a new widget is added and we would have to maintain it for all new Grafana releases. The same is about improvements. Are we going to deal with widget changes  when a new version of an original widget is released?

>  * Add descriptions and tooltips.

Reviewer 2: Aren't it already included in the phrase " _or improve existing ones._" on top?

docker-compose up
make
```

## Workflow for the contributor

1.    Find the task in [JIRA](https://jira.percona.com/issues/?jql=project+%3D+PMM+AND+component+%3D+%22Grafana+Dashboards%22) or create a new task. Use a component filter Grafana Dashboards.

2.    You need to make a fork of our repository in your GitHub account.

3.    Make a clone of your repository on your computer.

4.    Switch the repository to the correct branch. Now it's PMM-2.0. 

5.    Create a new branch for your task. Name it by formula: [JIRA_ISSUE_ID]_[username]_[short_title]. For example: PMM-5053_dbazhenov_tooltip .

6.    Make changes to the code in your branch.

> 7.    Make commit. It is essential to calls commit correctly. Use a formula: "[JIRA_ISSUE_ID] What has done."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.    Make a commit. It is essential to call commit correctly. Use the following formula: "[JIRA_ISSUE_ID] What has done."
```

    Example

        git add .
        git commit -m "PMM-5053 Tooltip for Head Block widget for Prometheus Dashboard was added"

8.    Push your branch into your repository. Check that your branch has only the necessary code changes. 

        git push origin PMM-5053_dbazhenov_tooltip

> 9.    Make a Pull Request for your branch in the right branch in percona/grafana-dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9.    Make a Pull Request from your branch to the right branch in percona/grafana-dashboards.
```
